docs (#1)
space-meridian/grafana: README.md

# grafana

## Deployment

```bash
git push
```

Grafana state is persisted across restarts through the use of a fly.io volume mounted at `/var/lib/grafana`.

> Volume snapshots can be used to restore a previous version of the installation.

Reviewer: Please add a link to the relevant Fly.io docs here.

I think this is the right page: https://fly.io/docs/volumes/snapshots/#restore-a-volume-from-a-snapshot

Author: ```suggestion
Volume snapshots can be used to [restore a previous version](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/11589) of the installation.
```

> Volume snapshots can be used to [restore a previous version](https://github.com/filecoin-project/lotus/issues/11589) of the installation.

Author: ```suggestion
Volume snapshots can be used to [restore a previous version](https://fly.io/docs/volumes/snapshots/#restore-a-volume-from-a-snapshot) of the installation.
```
